Refer to manual in README (#4595)
slic3r/Slic3r: README.md

### How can I invoke Slic3r using the command line?

> The command line is documented in the relevent [manual page](http://manual.slic3r.org/advanced/command-line).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command line is documented in the relevant [manual page](http://manual.slic3r.org/advanced/command-line).
```
Typo

> The command line is documented in the relevent [manual page](http://manual.slic3r.org/advanced/command-line).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command line is documented in the relevant [manual page](https://manual.slic3r.org/advanced/command-line).
```

https
